Good Morning,

Our Title is Stores to Door

my team mates are myself and ....
we are guided by M Raja sir.


------slide 1-------  (Objective)

our objective is to create a platfrom where a client who wants to open their own online ecommerce site can open thier online shop. Any kind of shop like groceries, hotel, electronics etc.

we allow users to browse shops according to their locality and can order items from there well-known or favourite local shops.


------slide 2-------  (Existing system)

There is no system upto now exaclty matched with our idea.

But if we want to create an ecommerce site without any coding we can develop and manage by using open source technologies like wordpress etc.

and if clients want to sell their products individually they can sell by placing it in flipkart or amazon. But they cannot place according to their shop wise.



------slide 3------- (Issues)

As said we can develop application easily using wordpress but getting clients may be difficult.

all products are not trust worthy from flipkart or amazon.
if any fake product is delivered we cannot go the seller and ask them.

and the seller is not from our locality shipping fees can be expensive
and we can experince product dealy also.



------slide 4------- (proposed system)

same as objectve


------slide 5------- (block diagram)

same explain cheyali by showing the diagram



------slide 6------- (advantages)

user can buy from trutsted or well known shops

since the shop is near we can go the shop and can raise the question if fake product is delivered.

shipping fees are low and no delivery delay since the distance is less



------slide 7------- (literature)

This the literature surevey we took 6 papers



------slide 10------- (software requirement)


for front end we are using HTML, CSS, JavaScript
for back end NodeJs, Express

we using VsCode as a code editor
and using Netlify for deploying



------slide 11-------  (phases)

we planned to give three months for front-end, two months for backend and remaining for paper work



------slide 12-------  (thank you)